[Music]
an airplane ticket for $5.00 seems to be
nonsense but not one you know how to
search here's some unusual ways to find
the cheapest option at the end of the
video we've included a list of the best
search engines to help you buy an
airplane ticket for the price of a movie
ticket the best time to buy the 60-day
rule works perfectly but for your flight
not later than one point five to two
months before the trip buy tickets on
dates from mid January until early March
[Music]
Tuesday and Wednesday afternoons are
when the ticket prices are lowest try to
purchase your tickets on Tuesdays
between 2:00 and 4:00 p.m. if you're
planning a weekend flight it's best to
buy your tickets on a Friday night or
Saturday airline system failures no
price calculator is perfect and
sometimes they malfunction this usually
happens with complex flights it's not a
law by any means or of luck it's almost
impossible to buy a ticket to the city
you need with the help of a system error
but it's perfect for a spontaneous
vacation the website airfare watchdog
comm has a top 50 fare section that is
updated daily another site secret flying
comm posts a selection of system errors
daily that are following on Facebook and
Twitter to stay updated and holiday
pirates dot-com has an alert system for
holiday and weekend deals and particular
airports of departure the 24-hour rule
check the same flight the next morning
after you've booked it because search
engines often set filters to defaults
and may suggest cheaper options
if the price is lower you can cancel
your booking and repurchase your ticket
in this case you'll have to pay a small
fee depending on the airline and booking
platform check out yap comm to track
prices for a particular flight and to
change tickets if you need it the
cheapest airlines they are otherwise
called budget airlines and their policy
is the best price you can get brian air
one of the most popular budget airlines
in europe is well known for its crazy
discounts recently it's said that its
flights might become free before 2020
how to use budget airlines features
using Ryanair as an example inspect the
price chart of your airline the cheapest
tickets by Ryanair are fifty four and
ten days before the flight avoid popular
cities if you want to get to Paris don't
select its central Airport go with
champagne aardeen or a battery whose
prices are much lower use other search
engines - rather than only the low-cost
airlines as they track budget airlines
and system errors however don't forget
to check the airline companies websites
on rare occasions their fares might be
lower a hidden city feature
this one is well known to experienced
travelers they hide their destination in
the middle of the route if you need to
get to Istanbul don't rush to book a
direct flight
sometimes a flight to Rome with the
transfer in Istanbul may be much cheaper
what a sneaky hack cheap ticket search
engines their job is simple to analyze
the prices among hundreds of Airlines
for the route you need and sort them by
price date time a flight number of stops
and other factors here is a list of the
most popular ones
[Music]
[Applause]